was the night before Christmas when all
through the house not a creature was
stirring gonna kill all the mouse the
gym socks were owned by the EC would
carry an OBE not Saint Nicholson would
soon be there do you attend went not so
last snogging our beds while visions are
rum drinks blushing at him aids me woman
in a g-string I minded my PJs
I'd not settle down for a nice winter
sleigh when out on the lawn there arose
such a clatter I sprang from the bed to
see what blood clots a gwaan pulling my
body right out of a socket I flew to the
window like I was all Rockets but it was
nothing much just a bomb in the trash I
chew on my biscuits then went bed to
crush I lit up a spliff and dream such
nice dreams of clothes mierda titties
and ganja ice-cream miss Lipp for 12
hours passed out like a bitch than a
walk to be stench of six big old shit
what did blood clots
what the hell smelly starts Minoru are
not dog I mean I run with no cuts me
sprung up again I may follow the smell
me say whoever that be my name na gwaan
so well then all of a sudden such a
sight me did see me live in Rome
ransacked or what for Cree the presents
were gon be stuck in them too and under
the tree there is nothing but poo
Mallika was missing I'm a big box of
cash there was pee on the floor and gone
was Miss - perdóname fridge shit on me
ceiling crap on my keyboard so
unappealing then me Sodom right there
the footprints of Scott so I reached in
my pants and pulled out my butt and
there was the culprit with his shit
covered paws hiding behind me toilet
then bomba class a goblin like midget
standing tree for 12 with the fierce of
a hobo
and the ears of an elf he grunted and
farted inside with a sneer near miss
bomba class and you've been bad this
year I visit the houses of sinners each
Christmas an empty the contents of my
little anus I smoked our herb I drank
all your rum I wiped all your walls with
my little bum so be good next year or
I'll come again to shit in your mouth
and pee on your kin on with nod he
vanished with a flash on a spark leaving
behind a tiny skidmark Thank You bomber
class I said for sharing with me as I
watched him fly high on a trail of khaki
so let this be a lesson to those who
break laws next year you might get
cheated on bye dear bomba class when I
said I was a man
and on Christmas time